Update readme (#82)
ray-project/rayfed: README.md

## Quick Start

This example shows how to aggregate values across two participators.

> ### Step 1: Write Actor that Generate Value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Write an Actor that Generates Value
```

The `MyActor` increment its value by `num`. 
This actor will be executed within the explicitly declared party.

```python
import sys
import fed

@fed.remote
class MyActor:
    def __init__(self, value):
        self.value = value

    def inc(self, num):
        self.value = self.value + num
        return self.value
```
### Step 2: Define Aggregation Function
The below function collects and aggragates values from two parties separately, and will also be executed within the declared party.

```python
@fed.remote
def aggregate(val1, val2):
    return val1 + val2
```

### Step 3: Create the actor and call methods in a specific party

The creation code is similar with `Ray`, however, the difference is that in `RayFed` the actor must be explicitly created within a party:

```python
actor_alice = MyActor.party("alice").remote(1)
actor_bob = MyActor.party("bob").remote(1)

val_alice = actor_alice.inc.remote(1)
val_bob = actor_bob.inc.remote(2)

sum_val_obj = aggregate.party("bob").remote(val_alice, val_bob)
```
The above codes:
1. Create two `MyActor`s separately in each party, i.e. 'alice' and 'bob';
2. Increment by '1' in alice and '2' in 'bob';

> 3. Execute the aggragation func in party 'bob'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Execute the aggregation function in party 'bob'.
```
